hello I sarah naughty am pastrywoman
and I will show you how to make a
castle-shaped cake with
christmas colors
we will make small towers for
we use ice cones for
that it is well liquid do not hesitate to
to spend a few seconds
microwave
it will be easier to spread for
our castle it will take us three
little tricks we will let them rest
as and in the refrigerator
we will take care of the cake so for the
castle we are going to have the important base
cake to have three rounds I
me so soft that we will cover the
on each other
before disposing they cover them
spreads I'm going to make sure that
the cake is straight if you take
a knife that does not have in and that is
Smooth to risk and remove a piece
cake savall the damaged for really
make this key gesture we covered
the main castle and the small
spreads of dough waiting one goes
able to spread the sugar dough and the
red sugar paste buy it directly
colored because red or black
it's too complicated to color from
of white
I will lift it to put it
on the cake
good to level up down will push a
little bit about the dough is so
now I'm going to do the same with the
three towers you can cover them
like a classic cake spreading
big circle and the late posing on it and
it's a bit more complicated hot so
I'm going to spread a long strip
I will turn around the cake for
now you have covered all the
outline the small towers it takes
simply cut off the hat
the third step so we covered
in red the main cake and the
three rounds we will now decorate
and each with like a wall all
at the top of the castle to cut into
small screen form I'm going to use a
cookie cutter so now that I have
cut a first band
in fact I'm going to let it dry a
very little she can stand up
on the cake
why we covered being castle I
am now going to draw a little
gray door at the entrance here
she will continue the decoration in
putting the little firs on each side
so we finished the main decoration
of the cake I got the cones
had decorated together here you have
now all the tips for
decorate a cake in the shape of a castle
strong
if you want other videos from
cake decoration
subscribe to the kitchen minutes channel
or go to my blog twitter by sarah
dot com thank you very much see you soon